README.md, before:

# `Widgets Services AngularJS SPA with UI-Router`

This project contains three main features:

- 'List' of the data displayed in the table,
- 'Detail' for each item in the list opened as a child state,
- 'Modal' view which allows to remove any item of the list.



## Getting Started

This application uses Angular Seed project to quickly bootstrap and setup dev environment. The [Angular-seed](https://github.com/angular/angular-seed.git) is an application skeleton for a typical AngularJS web app.

For styling the app uses [Bootstarp](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/getting-started/download/) and
[ui-bootstrap](https://angular-ui.github.io/bootstrap/versioned-docs/0.12.0/).

For nagivation through the app it includes [Ui router for angularjs](https://ui-router.github.io/ng1/).

For storing the data - [Angular local storage](https://www.npmjs.com/package/angular-local-storage).



### Run the Application

The project is preconfigured with a simple development web server. The simplest way to start
this server is:

```
npm start
```

Now browse to the app at [`localhost:3000/index.html`][local-app-url].



-------------

For more information on AngularJS and Angular Seed project please check out

**angularjs.org**: https://angularjs.org/

and **angular-seed**: https://github.com/angular/angular-seed

Commit message:

Create add/edit components, add relevant routing states

README.md, after:

# `Widgets Services AngularJS SPA with UI-Router`

This project contains four main features:

- 'List' of the data displayed in the table
- 'Detail' for each item in the list opened as a child state
- 'Add/Edit' view to add new widget or edit an existing one
- 'Modal' view which allows to remove any item of the list

And routing states for navigation through the views:

- 'widgets'
- 'widgets.widget'
- 'widgets.edit'
- 'widgets.add'



## Getting Started

This application uses Angular Seed project to quickly bootstrap and setup dev environment. The [Angular-seed](https://github.com/angular/angular-seed.git) is an application skeleton for a typical AngularJS web app.

For styling the app uses [Bootstarp](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.3/getting-started/download/) and
[ui-bootstrap](https://angular-ui.github.io/bootstrap/versioned-docs/0.12.0/).

For nagivation through the app it includes [Ui router for angularjs](https://ui-router.github.io/ng1/).

For storing the data - [Angular local storage](https://www.npmjs.com/package/angular-local-storage).



### Run the Application

The project is preconfigured with a simple development web server. The simplest way to start
this server is:

```
npm start
```

Now browse to the app at [`localhost:3000/index.html`][local-app-url].



-------------

For more information on AngularJS and Angular Seed project please check out

**angularjs.org**: https://angularjs.org/

and **angular-seed**: https://github.com/angular/angular-seed
